Issue #13: create process to upload metadata for trusted users (#15)
ai-cfia/nachet-datastore: doc/metadata-doc.md

## Development

As explained in the context we aim to implement an architecture for user
uploads. This approach would allow to us add a data structure validator using
[Pydantic](https://docs.pydantic.dev/latest/). By implementing a validator, we
will be able to remove all manual metadata maintenance. Once the validation
process is complete, the upload process will come into play, enabling the
distribution of the files between the BLOB storage and a PostgreSQL database. 

 We are currently working on such process, which will be added to the  backend
 part of nachet once it is finished.

``` mermaid  
---
title: Nachet folder upload
---
flowchart LR;
    DB[(Database)] 
    blob[(Blob)]
    FE(Frontend)
    BE(Backend)
    file[/Folder/]
    classDef foo stroke:#f00

    file --> FE
    FE-->BE
    subgraph dbProcess [New Process]
    MD(MetaData):::hidden
    end
    BE -- TODO --- MD
    MD -- TODO --> DB
    BE ---> blob

    style dbProcess stroke:#f00,stroke-width:2px
``` 

## [Deployment mass import](deployment-mass-import.md)

## [Trusted User Upload](trusted-user-upload.md)

### Queries 

> > :warning: This needs to be reworked. After discussions, we are not taking for

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> :warning: This needs to be reworked. After discussions, we are not using
```
